c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\TAFProjectGTests.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\TAFProjectGTests.pdb
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.pdb
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\obj\Debug\TAFProjectGTests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\obj\Debug\TAFProjectGTests.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\obj\Debug\TAFProjectGTests.pdb
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\TAFProjectGTests.dll.config
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectGTests\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
