c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.pdb
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.pdb
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\aliaksandr_horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.dll.config
C:\Users\Aliaksandr_Horski\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\TAFProjectG\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Pdb.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Mdb.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.Rocks.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.dll.config
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\TAFProjectG.pdb
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.dll
D:\TR\TestLookersPrj\TAFProject\TAFProjectG\obj\Debug\TAFProjectG.pdb
